# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to the “Folder Authenticator” application for mobile devices (the “Application”) created by [name of service provider] (“Service Provider”) as a free service. This service is intended to be provided on an “AS IS” basis.

## Collection and Use of Information

The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include

- Internet Protocol address of your device (e.g., IP address)
- The pages of this Application that you visit, the date and time of your visit, and the time spent on those pages
- the time spent on this application
- the operating system you are using on your mobile device

## Third party access

Only aggregated and anonymized data will be transmitted periodically to external services in order to improve the Application and the Service. The service provider may share your information with third parties in the manner described in this privacy statement.

Please note that this Application uses third party services that have their own privacy policies regarding data processing. The following are links to the privacy policies of the third party service providers used by this application

- [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US)

Service providers may disclose user-provided and automatically collected information in the following situations

- As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process.
- If we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, your safety or the safety of others, to investigate fraud, or to comply with a government request.
- To a reputable service provider that is performing services on their behalf, does not have the right to independently use the disclosed information, and has agreed to abide by the rules set forth in this Privacy Statement.

## Right to Opt-Out

You can easily stop the collection of information by this Application by uninstalling it. You can do this through the standard uninstall process on your mobile device or through the mobile application marketplace or network.

## Data Retention Policy

Service Provider will retain User Provided Data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable period of time thereafter. If you wish to request deletion of the User Provided Data you have provided through the Application, please contact us at test@example.com. Service Provider will respond within a reasonable time.

## CHILDREN

Service Provider will not use this Application to intentionally solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

This Application is not intended for persons under the age of 13. Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If Service Provider discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided Service Provider with personally identifiable information, Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and know that your child has provided personal information, please contact the service provider at test@example.com. The service provider will then be able to take the necessary action.

## Security

The Service Provider is concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information they process and maintain.

## Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Changes that materially affect users will be notified in advance with a reasonable period of time. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for changes, as your continued use will be considered acceptance of all changes.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 26, 2025.

## Your Consent

By using this application, you consent to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and as modified by us.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding your privacy while using this Application, or if you have any questions regarding our practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at test@example.com.

This privacy policy page was generated by the [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/).
